---
layout: post
title: "SGAM 2018 Weekly Project/Challenge Details"
author: Todd Zircher
---

Using SGAM 2017 as an example, let's set things up the same way:

## Week One Challenge 

New and Shiny, expand your frontiers and play a new game or new genre. Perhaps play something in a new way such as taking an old game and playing it with a completely different solo system.

## Week Two Challenge 

Hybrid Game, combine solo role playing with another game (such as a board game, a micro game, or a card game.) The idea being that the non-RPG game acts as a driver for the solo gaming experience. The level of mixing is up to the individual. It can be something as surreal as your journey through Candy Land, role playing in the mean streets of Monopoly, mourning your loved ones on the Oregon Trail, or a gritty war journal about what happens to soldiers caught in between the turns of a war game.

## Week Three Project 

Story Seeds, take three random icons and write of a paragraph or three about the story or scene that they inspire. I'll set up a Google Forms page and some instructions. The goal is to create a free PDF to share with the group so that they have a collection of creative ideas to use.

## Week Four Challenge 

Open, a chance to finish up the challenges, add more Story Seeds, or perhaps create some fun tools. I'll be working on a solo project for NaGaDeMon as an example.

## Rule One

Have fun. We do this for the love of the game. If you want to do the challenges out of order or you're not inspired by a topic, that's cool. You don't even have to share if that's not your thing. Of course, any format on any platform is acceptable. Heck, if you're playing Sea Dracula and you want to film yourself doing a silly dance, I'd LOVE to see that. 

## Rule Two

I'm not the boss. I just put on the community organizer hat because I love SGAM, this community, and I want to share my excitement.

-TAZ

- - -

_Todd Zircher_, editor and contributor